# Salon-Locator
Salon Locator is an app for users who wish to find the best local salons

Salon Locator is an app that searches for salons and spas that are nearest to the user's location. This app solves the issue of not being able to properly locate hair salons, nail salons, and spas properly. In addition, salon owners can advertise their salon on this app. 
One feature this app has is allowing a user to create an account by registering as a customer or a salon owner. A user who registers as a customer can search for salons near their location, book an appointment at a particular salon, and add salons into his or her ‘Favorites’ list. A user who registers as a salon owner can add his or her salon into the app by enrolling the salon and providing necessary information for other users to view. A user who is also a salon owner can also search for other salons near him or her, book an appointment at another salon, and add  salon into his or her ‘Favorites’ list. In addition, Salon Locator will allow users (both customers and salon owners) to edit or delete their account, and users who are salon owners can edit or delete the salons they have enrolled into this app. 

Google Maps lists out salons and spas that near the user; however, there are several businesses that are not related and are included in the list. For instance, a user can enter in a zip code and then search for nail salons near him or her using Google Maps, and this app will list out nail salons along with non-related search such as technical colleges and beauty schools that provide programs that lead to an individual becoming a licensed manicurist or nail technician. This is an issue since the user may not be interested in schools and other learning institutions that are related to salons, nut don't strictly provide beauty services. On the contrast, the user of the Salon Locator app would only be interested in searching for salons and spas that provide beauty services. Salon Locator will narrow the search down to what exactly the user is searching for. There will be three options for the user to search through: the user can search for hair salons near him or her, the user can find nail salons nearby his or her location, and the user can find spas as well.

Another feature this app will provide users is the ability to view extensive information about each salon, choose a salon, and make an appointment at their chosen salon. Google Maps allow users to view each salon's address, phone number, hours of operation, and reviews. However, with Google Maps and other apps, users must access the salon's website to view the entire list of services that the salon provides. There are some salons that don't have a functioning website and users must call when the salon is open for business. Salon Locator solves this issue by providing users a detailed view of each salon that includes the salon logo (if available), the name, address, phone number, description, website (if available), list of services provided, hours of operations, and a section to book an appointment at the chosen salon. In addtion, Salon Locator will be available in multiple languages, which will allow non-native speakers of English to use this app. There will be three languages available: English, Spanish, and Japanese. Other languages may be added in the future. 
